---
layout: post
title: "Outlooks for the 2020 School Year"
date: "2020-09-08"
author: ["Brandon Chen"]
---
Here’s a warm welcome from UBC Envision to all students returning back to school. Due to the current pandemic, UBC will be operating very differently this year. With classes shifting online, all faculties and programs from arts and music to computer science and engineering have been affected. The student experience here at UBC will be entirely different, particularly with engineering design teams and projects. With an online format for meetings and events, we are hopeful that the transition will allow Envision’s events to reach an even wider audience than in the previous years. 

Envision has big plans for the upcoming year. We will be focusing more on the professional development aspect of its mission, and engaging more with AIChE’s events and resources. Last year’s regional conference was postponed due to COVID-19, and is now taking place on October 31st, 2020 in an online format. Although our Chem-E-car team will not be sending a car to the competition, we will be participating in the traditional ChemE Jeopardy event. Moreover, Envision will also be supporting students from our Chemical and Biological Engineering department (CHBE) in presenting their research at the Student Technical Presentation competition.

In addition, we are also looking forward to strengthening our relationship with our AIChE sister chapter at the Polytechnic University of Catalonia (UPC)! Throughout the upcoming school year, Envision will be hosting multiple meetings with our sister chapter to grow professionally, while simultaneously making friends abroad. Look out for our future events such as our meet and greet, ChemE Jeopardy, and ChemE car project collaborations!

We will also be hosting an ongoing speaker series throughout the academic year, which includes both professors from our home department, Chemical and Biological Engineering (CHBE), as well as industry professionals. Our aim is to connect students to potential employers and provide a space for students to get to know various industries. 

With all the great ideas in mind, we hope you are just as excited as we are for the new transition and upcoming year! 
